# Online  Training Inaugurated

### 4 Weeks Industrial Software Training for Students of Civil Engineering
Department, GNDEC commenced through online mode

June 08, 2020

Keeping in view the current prevailing situation due to COVID-19, the
Department of Civil Engineering, Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College has
modelled the Industrial Training for its students through online mode.  Four
week software training for batch 2018-22 and 2019-23 commenced from June 08,
2020 onwards with a virtual inaugural session.  Dr H S Rai, Head &
Professor, Department of Civil Engineering, welcoming all the participants
outlined the details of upcoming training program.  He emphasized that the
training is going to be a wonderful experience, with a team of
Inter-disciplinary faculty.  He added that, keeping in view the revolution
and increasing need of Modelling and Simulation, softwares including
Blender, Scilab, Solid Modeling through Python, Open Modelica and QGIS will
be the modules of the training program.  Followed by this, Dr (Prof) Harpal
Singh, gave an introductory presentation to the participants on Object
Oriented System and Open Modelica.

Chief guest of the inaugural session, Ar.  Yorik van Havre, Practicing
Architect from Brazil and Lead Developer of FreeCAD, graced the occasion and
enlightened the participants with his rich experience in the world of
Modelling and Simulation.  Besides presenting the vast possibilities of
exploring these softwares, he emphasized on the importance of Open Source
softwares.  Dr Sehijpal Singh, Principal, GNDEC, said that multidisciplinary
training aiming sustainability is the need of an hour.  He expressed his
heartiest congratulation to the department of Civil Engineering and the
entire training team.  In the end, Dr (Prof) Gurdeepak Singh extended the
vote of thanks.

![Yorik](yorik.png)

![SPS](principal.png)
